Make timestamps consumed by Navigator.getStatus consistent (#2610)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* If the user’s raw course as reported by Core Location differs significantly from the direction of the road ahead, the camera and user puck are oriented according to the raw course. ([#2417](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2417))
* `RouteController` now tracks the user’s location more accurately within roundabouts. ([#2417](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2417))
* Fixed an issue where departure instructions were briefly missing when beginning turn-by-turn navigation. ([#2417](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2417))

> * Removed `RouteController.projectedLocation(for:)` method and `location` parameter from `advanceLegIndex` method to avoid inconsistencies with utilized timestamps ([#2583](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/issues/2583))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed the `RouteController.projectedLocation(for:)` method in favor of `RouteController.location`. It is no longer possible to predict the user’s location at an arbitrary time. ([#2583](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/issues/2583))
* Renamed the `Router.advanceLegIndex(location:)` method to `Router.advanceLegIndex()`. It is no longer possible to advance to an arbitrary leg using this method. ([#2583](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/issues/2583))
```

Author: Applied, thanks.

* If the user’s raw course as reported by Core Location differs significantly from the direction of the road ahead, the camera and user puck are oriented according to the raw course. ([#2417](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2417))
* `RouteController` now tracks the user’s location more accurately within roundabouts. ([#2417](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2417))
* Fixed an issue where departure instructions were briefly missing when beginning turn-by-turn navigation. ([#2417](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2417))

> * Removed the `RouteController.projectedLocation(for:)` method in favor of `RouteController.location`. It is no longer possible to predict the user’s location at an arbitrary time. ([#2583](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/issues/2583))
> * Renamed the `Router.advanceLegIndex(location:)` method to `Router.advanceLegIndex()`. It is no longer possible to advance to an arbitrary leg using this method. ([#2583](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/issues/2583))

Reviewer: Nit: Typically we’re linking to PRs where the problem and solution are laid out in detail.

```suggestion
* Removed the `RouteController.projectedLocation(for:)` method in favor of `RouteController.location`. It is no longer possible to predict the user’s location at an arbitrary time. ([#2610](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2610))
* Renamed the `Router.advanceLegIndex(location:)` method to `Router.advanceLegIndex()`. It is no longer possible to advance to an arbitrary leg using this method. ([#2610](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2610))
```

Author: Let's keep it consistent, thanks for the heads-up.
